Date:           04/04/2023\
Main focus:     Product Pitch\
Chair:          Antreas Ioannou\
Note taker:     Rafael Alani


# Opening by chair (14:45)
*Check-in* â€“ How is everyone doing?

<br />

# Approval of the agenda (14:46)
- Does anyone have any additions to the agenda?
- Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting?

<br />

# Product Pitch (14:47)
 - # Our Product
    - Does our product pitch align with the required standards?
    - Is it okay that we just anounce our name once we start talking or should we actually show who we are?
    - What should we change?

    
 - # Minutes
    - check the brightspace rubric
    - make it from the user perspective
    - add some slides with the future of the project
    - add the name of the person presenting in a corner rather than introducing each single person



<br />

# Teamwork Self Reflection (14:55)
- Was our reflections okay?
- Do we need to make any big changes?

 - # Minutes
    - most people have minimal changes to make, at most 30 minutes, check the rubric individually
    - reference to stuff you learned during the lectures, slides and other university stuff
 
<br />

# Product Progress (14:58)
- Time to Demonstrate the current state of the App

- # Minutes
    - try to get as many tests done as possible
    - try to have some really good tests, that show your understanding of tests is great
    - check the testing rubrics and get some really good tests that take into account the rubric
    

<br />

# Feedback (15:03)
- In what aspects of the project are we behind?
- What should we focus on for this week?
- When mocking a class while testing with mockito must the class have test coverage?
- Should we focus more on the final heuristic evaluation and product pitch or the app?
- What went well and what can be improved next time?

- # Minutes 
    - finish the subtasks
    - focus both on the Heuristic Evaluation and the Product, they are(20% and 40%)
    - follow the epics, otherwise you will lose progress
    - try to have a couple of services
    - what is the difference from going from 2 epics to 3 epics
    - try to look into why gitispector is not working
    - try to add javadoc as well
    
    

<br />

# Question round (15:08)
- Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes?

- # Minutes 
    - the Q&A will be technical (integration test, dependencies, how do you pool, what is the future, what whould you do differently, highlight mistakes in development, code quality maybe highlight the fact that we could do a better job)
    
<br />

# Closure (15:09)
